Welcome back what are the pros and cons of grafs.
Well when it comes to performance and big-O it gets a little bit complicated because there are so many
different types of graphs you can think of graphs as really useful when it comes to relationships.
They're simply indispensable because some data just needs to be in a graph form.
There's no other way around it.
And there are algorithms around graphs such as the ones we're going to be talking about in the algorithm
section that allows us to perform operations such as finding the shortest path or traversing a graph.
But when it comes to graphs because they can get complicated scaling is pretty hard.
You need a big company or at least a lot of resources and engineering power to make sure that you build
graph data structures that scale well.
But luckily for us you usually will never have to implement your own graph in production or at least
for now.
9 percent of the population there are tools like Neo for J which is a popular database that allows you
to build really fast graph databases and most of the time you'll use tools like this to build complex
structures to contain our data.
Congratulations.
We've now covered another part of our data structure mind map that is graphs.
We learned about six like a acyclic waited on waited directed or undirected.
We were also able to build our own graph.
Now there's still a few things left that I see up there and perhaps over here which we're going to get
into in the algorithm section but for now take a break.
Drink some coffee or tea and I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.